When Jeff Bartlett and Brett Rossmann launched ConsumerTrack? in 2004, they assembled a small team focused on building a company that could be profitable and self-sustaining. As the company grew and the Team grew beyond a small, close-knit group, the need for clearly defined core values became evident to keep alignment within the company and to build a larger team with shared values and goals.

The management team had read a book called the ¡°Four Agreements¡± by Don Miguel Ruiz, and its strong message about these agreements matched our core values as well as the culture of personal accountability that we wanted to sustain as the Team grew.

Each of the four agreements improved our company and improved our ability to communicate and collaborate as a Team.

Don't Take Things Personally
Not taking things personally makes discussing problems and challenges more efficient, keeping the focus on the solution, not the blame. Our Team does not have to feel defensive when a problem or a mistake arises; instead, we learn from our misstep and focus on solving the problem and communicating what happened so that we don't make the same mistake twice.

Don't Make Assumptions
Not making assumptions is a tough habit to break, but once we committed to it, we saw fewer things fall through the cracks, and we improved our communication with each other to ensure everyone was on the same page. This practice leads to one of our core business values of maintaining alignment. Following this agreement also minimizes the normal gossip and rumors that can disrupt the work environment ¡ª the Team is encouraged to not assume rumors are true but instead to go right to the source to learn the reality of any situation.

Always Do Your Best
Although this agreement sounds obvious, ¡°always do your best¡± is a reminder to challenge yourself if you really did your best each day in how you treat people, how you performed your job, and what you did to impact and improve this company. Doing your best also builds trust with the Team around you.

Be Impeccable With Your Word
Being impeccable with your word goes beyond being honest to include not holding back your ideas and questions. Our company culture requires open and honest communication across the entire Team, which drives a more positive culture, a safe environment for feedback and ideas, and ensures each individual shares their opinions and thoughts on the direction of our company and culture.

Our core values are centered on these agreements to drive our expectations of honesty and openness, personal accountability, and commitment to constant learning to improve our personal growth and development. Our Team has a passion for what we do and communicates to ensure we have alignment within the company on goals and priorities.